Speak people, today I'll show you
you the edition of the national hobbit edition
of the third film the last film of the
franchise finally released right
In Brazil is the battle of the 5 Army.
access here 3d edition 2d more copy
digital is also has two edition of
just the edition on light dvd and has
also an issue is that the staff
It was curious that the edition with all
movies netre the complete trilogy box
To take a picture is for you to see that the
box with the complete trilogy in 2d comes
in a blu-ray case, right?
Are you seeing there in the picture size of
blob a box with the glove and three cases of
bluray in a case for each movie
already in the trilogy with the movies too
in 3d options as you can see
in this other photo is not blu story
ray comes a glove but is a size of
baby and are three stories of dvd is then
I think it's such a problem.
releases of an expensive edition, how
this technology and packaging dvd
I think so absurd
but coming back here for this edition
individual question only of the third party
movie right
this is the lenticular glove you can
see here the political effect side the glove
come close here for you to see you have a
certain depth on khullar night here
blu ray 3d digital copy and two of a
battle of the 5 armies
trilogy season of the hobbit here in
you can see there
this new new rate since they are
by placing a colored stripe on the
red purple item I do not even know a lot
from itajaí
seems to be to call the genre ne
but I do not know what if gender comes
written here the back of the glove with
all information
come close with like to read gives a pause
where outta law and can see
special information you do not have a
six minutes this is almost 7
new zealand middle-earth part three
have these others here give about 19
minutes, those two added and another 20
minutes under
we have some materials then, right?
that the audio caption options
and here the cases the spine of the case
with the right stripes
I do not think there's any need for
sue taking here the two cases the
edition with the cover 2d and the cover in 3d
Let's start here by editing in 2d with
different art, né
here the back information
here we have the copy
digital film and iraq
here the film the black film disc is
as usual
the film's movie edition always sees
on these black art discs and here's blu
ray with
special bonus special information is
a bonus- only album, no documentaries
including here the video of
nedellec bai has made off of
of this song they backstage well
interesting here is the
3d movie
Look at the back.
remembering that here is you have the extra
New Zealand Middle-earth of the motherland
part 3
in option 3 since yesterday and if that good né
the others not only in that here
so the movie left one like it 's in 3
gave the film is divided into two disks
It is not because it is too long and here
part 2
then you need to switch from
disc in the middle of the movie 1 hour and 22
minutes you will need to switch
disc is not to see the movie in 3d already
then this edition released in Brazil with
that this new eyepiece is commented
rate the video and sign up for the
channel